Add documention on how to handle CMORizers for multiple dataset versions (#2730)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/community/dataset.rst

********************

If you are contributing a new dataset, please have a look at :ref:`new-cmorizer` for how to do so.

> If you need the new dataset for a new recipe, please make a separate pull request
> for the CMORizer script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please always create separate pull requests for CMORizer scripts, even when introducing a new dataset with a new recipe.
```
